Add information about how efm interprets ping (#3941)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/efm/4/04_configuring_efm/05_using_vip_addresses.mdx

   --- 172.24.38.239 ping statistics ---
   4 packets transmitted, 0 received, +3 errors, 100% packet loss,
   time 3000ms
   ```

   You see 100% packet loss. 
   !!!important
   Failover Manager uses the exit code of the command to determine whether or not the address was reachable. In this case the exit code isn't zero. If using a different command, it must return a non-zero exit code if the address isn't reachable.

2. Run the `efm_address add4` command on the Primary node to assign the VIP, and then confirm with ip address:

   ```text
   # efm_address add4 eth0 172.24.38.239/24
   # ip address
   <output truncated>
   eth0 Link encap:Ethernet HWaddr 36:AA:A4:F4:1C:40
   inet addr:172.24.38.239 Bcast:172.24.38.255
   ...
   ```

3. Ping the VIP from the other nodes to verify that they can reach the VIP:

   ```text
   # /bin/ping -q -c3 -w5 172.24.38.239
   PING 172.24.38.239 (172.24.38.239) 56(84) bytes of data.
   --- 172.24.38.239 ping statistics ---
   3 packets transmitted, 3 received, 0% packet loss, time 1999ms
   rtt min/avg/max/mdev = 0.023/0.025/0.029/0.006 ms
   ```

   No packet loss occurs. 
   !!!Important

>    Failover Manager uses the exit code of the command to determine whether or not the address was reachable. In this case the exit code is zero. If using a different command, it must return a zero exit code if the address is reachable.

Reviewer: @EFM-Bobby , if you are ok with these edits I'll make them to the other note too.
```suggestion
   Failover Manager uses the exit code of the ping command to determine whether or not the address was reachable. In this case the exit code is zero. If using a command other than ping, it must return a zero exit code if the address is reachable.
```

Author: Yes, that looks good to me. Thank you.
